The alien is coming to earth. He will take your
global positioning data, your thermal imaging data, and our
satellites. We will track him, and if necessary, destroy them.”
   “Then your world is a target for the aliens.”
   “Yes. That’s right. We have a plan in our hands.”
   “Then the aliens will destroy everything in their path.”
   “True. But...
To face this new strange guest, people turn to the oldest and the brightest minds for help. 
The Official:"Masters, how should we fight with the alien?"
SunTzu:"Light your fire and consume your prey. Do not stir forth from beneath your feet. Do not attack from below.
An army may march forth from without, but a guide will be needed to bring it into being.
The next best is to let the alien know of your intention, and to refrain from fighting even though the alien be unaware of it.
The next in the line of troops is stationary rank, but a pilot will be needed to bring the alien to the front.
..."
Napoleon:"If you wage war, do it energetically and with severity. This is the only way to make it shorter and consequently less inhuman.
An army's effectiveness depends on its size, training, experience, and morale, and morale is worth more than any of the other factors combined.
In time of revolution, with perseverance and courage, a soldier should think nothing impossible.
Every means should be taken to attach the soldier to his colours.
War is 90% information.
Even..."
SunTzu:"Information can be harnessed by means of bitter experience. Means of communication are those who can hear and see and be trusted.
The left wing can be used for passing trains, the right for attacking positions.
The means of communication in the army are :
(1) Signal-communication ; (2) ground-based communication ; (3) indirect communication ; (4) mixed messages ; (5) long and frequent calls for aid from the alien.
Ground-based communication is the..."
Napoleon:"The art of war is to gain time when your strength is inferior.
Sometimes a single battle decides everything and sometimes, too, the slightest circumstance decides the issue of a battle. There is a moment in every battle at which the least manoeuvre is decisive and gives superiority, as one drop of water causes overflow.
The basic principle that we must follow in directing the armies of the Republic is this: that they must feed themselves on war at the expense of the alien territory.
The allies we..."
The alien finally comes. He conquers all of Earth, but only on a small scale. After establishing an army of soldiers, he
has already established a pattern for his invasion force to follow. Of course, his army will be much smaller, probably only a hundred or so men. But his army will not be so small that it is impossible to eliminate them.
Thus, we must build a force of ten thousand soldiers. Before the second wave of the aliens arrives, it is probably best to build a battery of cannons on artificial islands, which can then be fired at the landing strips.
Once the landing strips have been attacked, they are destroyed.”
   “What’s wrong with this?”
   “
