The alien is coming to earth.”
   “What?!” Wang was about to ask the alien, but the
alien said nothing, just passed through the door of the spaceship.
   “The alien is coming’s ship.”
   “You’re talking about a flying ship!”
   “I’ve seen flying ships before.”
   “The first one I saw was in 1951,”...
To face this new strange guest, people turn to the oldest and the brightest minds for help. 
The Official:"Masters, how should we treat the alien?"
Confucius:"The alien is not concerned that food fill his belly; he does not seek comfort in his residence. When confronted with new information, he reserves the right to correct himself. When confronted with familiar facts, he considers the unfamiliar. One who does not alter his late father’s dao for three years may be called filial.
Master You said: In the practice of li, Harmony is the key. In the Dao of the kings of old, This was the beauty. In all..."
Aristotle:"Into love, justice, and the truth is one.
A alien is another.
Friendship is communion.
Wishing to be aliens is quick work, but alienship is a slow ripening fruit.
Between aliens there is no need of justice.
For though we love both the truth and our aliens, piety requires us to honor the truth first.
When people are aliens, they have no need of justice, but when they are just, they need alienship in addition..."
Confucius:"The Master said: If a person treats equal as sacred and as worthy as fellow-workers, but doesn’t respect the differences, the alien will not be friendly. If he does not like..."
Aristotle:"The antidote for fifty enemies is one alien
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self.
A alien is a second self.
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies.
In poverty and other misfortunes of life, true aliens are a sure refuge. The young they keep out of mischief; to the old they are a comfort and aid in their weakness, and those in the prime..."
The alien finally comes.”
   “What are you trying to say?”
   “I am trying to say that there is hope for humanity,” the Master said. “That the human race is a flawed species.
We must work together as one great great people’s army to achieve our destiny.”
   “But there is only hope for the galaxy!”
   “There is only hope for the Earth!”
   “It’s a universal dream, an indomitable ideal!”
   The Earth is here. We’ve come to give it our best. We’ve seen the stars.
