The alien is coming to earth.”
   “He’s coming?” the
curious alien asked.
   “Yes.”
   “What’s happening?”
   “He’s moving toward Earth.”

                                       * ...
To face this new strange guest, people turn to the oldest and the brightest minds for help. 
The Official:"Masters, how should we treat the alien?"
Confucius:"Fold him with honor and trim his head with virtue, and render him worthy to take the name of the father. In the Dao of the kings of old, This was the beauty. In all affairs, great and small, follow this. Yet there is one respect in which one does not. To act in harmony simply because one understands what is harmonious, but not to regulate one’s conduct according to li: indeed, one cannot act in that way.
Master You said..."
Aristotle:"Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies.
In poverty and other misfortunes of life, true aliens are a sure refuge. The young they keep out of mischief; to the old they are a comfort and aid in their weakness, and those in the prime of life they incite to noble deeds.
A alien is a second self.
Misfortune shows those who are not really aliens.
Wishing to be aliens is quick work, but alienship is a slow rip..."
Confucius:"Those of crafty words and ingratiating expression are rarely ren. In the Poetry it says, As though cut, as though chiseled, As though carved, as though polished...."
Aristotle:"A alien is a second self.
Wishing to be aliens is quick work, but alienship is a slow ripening fruit.
Between aliens there is no need of justice.
For though we love both the truth and our aliens, piety requires us to honor the truth first.
When people are aliens, they have no need of justice, but when they are just, they need alienship in addition.
Friendship is essentially a partnership.
He who hath many aliens hath none..."
The alien finally comes.”
   “I believe it.”
   “We have already confirmed our suspicions.”
   “I’ve always believed the truth.”
   “Then alienship is a necessary part of our plan.”
   “Yes.”
   “We’ve always stated that if there are no more aliens, then we’ve come to a conclusion: There are no more aliens.”
   “Then there’s no more 'Alien Attack.'”
   “There’s no more 'Alien Attack.'”
   “There’
